feat: i18n for card text and French translation (#39)
DenverCoder1/github-readme-youtube-cards: CONTRIBUTING.md

```bash
tox
```

> ## Contributing translations
> You could contribute to github-readme-youtube-cards by adding translations in the `api/locale` folder.
> To add translations for an new language:
> - Copy the contents of `api/locale/en.yml` file to `api/locale/api/<IDENTIFIER>.yml`, where IDENTIFIER is shorthand for the language you are adding translations for.
> - Change the top most yaml key `en:` to `<IDENTIFIER>:`.
> - Add translations for the strings provided below in the file. Only alter the text enclosed in quotes.
> - To test, run the project locally and add `&lang=IDENTIFIER` to a card URL to test if transaltion works as expected.

Reviewer: Looks good, I'd suggest adding a bit more space around headings and before lists.

There were also a couple typos (an -> a, transaltion -> translation), this suggestion should fix those.

Thanks!

```suggestion
## Contributing translations

You could contribute to GitHub Readme YouTube Cards by adding translations in the `api/locale` folder.

To add translations for a new language:

- Copy the contents of `api/locale/en.yml` file to `api/locale/api/<IDENTIFIER>.yml`, where IDENTIFIER is shorthand for the language you are adding translations for.
- Change the top most yaml key `en:` to `<IDENTIFIER>:`.
- Add translations for the strings provided below in the file. Only alter the text enclosed in quotes.
- To test, run the project locally and add `&lang=IDENTIFIER` to a card URL to test if translation works as expected.
```
